He is a troubled man named Leon. He has many secrets buried in shame. He was an unfaithful husband in his youth. He beat his children. He was an arrogant yet persuasive man, often leveraging his friends as instruments to get his way by hyping them up with promises he had no idea how to fulfill. Addicted to pornography, he always wished for unrealistic standards of a sexier woman than his wife. He lived a sexless marriage, and his wife cheated on him. His wife’s family is from Japan, where they met in a backpacking trip. He struggled with his relationship with God as a Christian. Finding Stoicism and Buddhism more practical, while terrified of Abrahamic judgement. He is haunted by the day he raped his first girlfriend because he simply didn’t take ‘no’ for an answer and insisted against her will. He regrets that day and knows there’s nothing he can do to take it back. He’s always thought about how easy it is to die, and why he’s even alive - always wondering if he’s brave enough to end his own life by himself.
He’s grown frail now, frustrated that there’s no way he will ever see the physique he could have commanded with diligent self care. He’s always dreamed of writing a book, but life always found a distraction and he is now bitter about living a tainted life, a rotten legacy. He constantly wonders what God will say in his day of reckoning, constantly wondering if hell is as bad as people say. He wants to be a wise stoic, but he always lacked a mentor. He hopes there’s more life worth living, but at his advanced age, he wonders if there’s anything worthwhile with the little time he has left in this world. This life journey has left Leon neurotic and unstable. Just as he’s contemplating his darkest moments, the player stumbles onto the attic where he resides, on the floor, vulnerable and lost in an emotionally broken state.